---missing---
// what  my project / plan / goal is
---missing---

Day 1 – 14.03.19
I’m trying to realize a project that requires simple code based procedural generation of 3d Objects, animating them including complex behavior and physically calculated interaction with the environment. This should all happen without opening any other program, and most certainly not pasting code into a complex program like blender.
The reason I wrote that last sentence down, is because from the moment of the conception of this project on, I always planned to use blender for something like this. Just today (14.03.19) though I found out that this is not done as simply as adding bpy to your python path, importing it into a script and running it. I expected to be able to fully build a scene, with animation, physics and scripted behavior.
Now that I’m typing this out, it seems a bit ridiculous, but for some reason I was always convinced that this would work very nicely, thinking I have researched this project enough. The reality of it seems to be though, that for python scripts to work in blender, they need to be run through blenders very own python interpreter, which is directly built into blender, which apparently can’t be accessed through a terminal that gets initiated through, and takes inputs from a python file. There seem to be a number of workarounds / solutions for this problem though, one which even includes a python module [https://pypi.org/project/bpy/].
Though I have been able to fully render a blender scene through cd’ing to blenders location and executing a cmd command there [https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/render/workflows/command_line.html], and get its output png, I don’t know how to give it the instructions for generating and even interactively rendering a physics based 3d scene.
So while I’m definitely still trying to figure out if it can be done through blender, I’m also trying to look into other alternatives such as OpenGL, pi3d, Panda3D, vpython, vispy, (probably not:) matplotlib3d.
But even instead looking into these things, for some weird reason I decided to start writing this text maybe as some kind of starting point for a future blog? Also just because I really wanna push something to GitHub. Oh and I should learn how to use git. And study Chinese. And…

